# Module-8-Journal
CS-255 Module 8 journal

The DriverPass project was a client who wanted to make a website to help students struggling to pass their driving tests. The owner wanted a web-based system with backup based on the cloud to provide practice tests, up-to-date material based on DMV regulations and policies, driving lessons, and packages for users to utilize. During this project, we had the opportunity to design many different diagrams from the sequence, UML, and a few others. Upon reflecting, I felt I did pretty well creating my use case diagrams; I actually enjoyed designing them as it helped me account for every user and how their actions also affect other users. If I were to choose a part I would revise, it would be my class diagram, as I'm still learning to improve my skills with classes and showing that work in a diagram. One of the most important aspects of a project is doing our best to bring our customer's dreams to reality; we can find these requirements and needs through various means such as interviews, feedback, and reviews to ensure the product meets their expectations. The feedback would then be implemented into our design, allowing us to create a product tailored to their needs. We as developers need to consider the user's needs because it will enable us to create a product that is easy to use, efficient, and valuable. By taking the time to understand their needs, we can create a solution that meets their expectations and exceeds their goals. When designing software, I always start by identifying the purpose or issue I'm trying to solve. Once I fully understand the requirements and needs, I brainstorm different solutions and features that can be implemented to improve the system. I then create an outline of the plan and break it down to ensure that the system will be efficient and user-friendly; I also do my best to keep in mind scalability and maintainability and, in the future, do my best to incorporate more user testing and feedback as the design and system grow.
